**Newby Nomination Biography Section**

The Hinsdale Central Hall of Fame was established to honor alumni and/or friends
of the High School who have distinguished themselves through their
accomplishments or service and exemplify the values and traditions of Hinsdale
Central.

\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Foundation essentially suggests a Nominee biography, and lo, I’ve been a
\*biographer\* for decades now, working in books, film, and recordings. So a
Thorough Biography you shall have, as I introduce an Unusual Dude!

Can Hinsdale ever forgive Doug Newby for moving away?

My own Hinsdale tenure is is eighteen years in two blocks separated by
twenty-eight years at Stanford, Harvard, and (mostly) Manhattan. Much of my
experience after HC (1970) has been in real estate, big city and suburban, and
especially Old Stuff—buildings over a century old. Newby’s turf.  
  
When I began hearing what he had accomplished in Dallas, I was busy spending
years trying unsuccessfully to save the Hinsdale Theater as an arts center in
the early 2000s. But it was Hinsdale’s struggle with teardowns where Newby’s
magic could have saved many harsh words and lost antiquity. I hope we can
forgive him for adopting Dallas, where he managed, as I shall demonstrate, to
thread-the-needle of free-market real estate transactions, charm-preservation,
and fresh construction in neighborhoods hauntingly similar to Hinsdale’s
beleaguered best. I estimate he’s saved a billion dollars of present-valued
homes from destruction without onerous (pun intended) regulation. Newby’s
success has been by a thousand cuts from skirmishes involving policy, positions,
ideas, efforts, and initiatives that changed how people thought about
neighborhoods, preservation, architecture, revitalization, and real estate.  
  
He, his clients, and his neighborhoods have all prospered. But let’s enjoy how
and where this conciliatory and realistic attitude and skill were hatched: Newby
is Pure Hinsdale.

Before Hinsdale Central High School

His father came back from a dinner where athletic director Harvey Dickinson said
he was having trouble finding kids who could throw and catch a ball. Dickinson
was already coaching eight-year-olds from banquet podiums. Also, Newby and
friends were going to high school football and basketball games in grade school.
He watched the Guards make a homecoming float at a neighbor’s home. Many took
swim lessons in grade school from Hinsdale Central High School Guards. While
Newby wasn’t a competitive swimmer, he was competent. At the beginning of his
freshman year in gym class, when everybody was timed, Newby did an off-the-side
of the pool open-turn 50 yards in 31.9 seconds. His freshman year at SMU in an
intramural dorm swim meet off a block, he did an open-turn 26.6-second 50 yards.
These times weren’t fast enough to be a competitive swimmer, but were fast
enough that Newby could say he was from Hinsdale. As he learned from my Harvard
roommate Kinsella: old swimmers never forget their times. 

Summer junior-high basketball camps were run by HC varsity coaches. When Newby
was still in grade school, Hinsdale high school students would be the Boy Scout
troop leaders. He was also a patrol leader in Troop 10 of the Boy Scouts. He
achieved all of the hard merit badges (the hardest was a physical fitness merit
badge because it required three chin-ups, not pull-ups, which were near
impossible for what he describes as his spindly arms). In many ways Hinsdale
Central permeated kids’ lives from an early age and set an aspirational bar for
achievement in citizenship.

Hinsdale shaped Newby’s interest in sports

Athletics is a big part of growing up in Hinsdale. (My own Dad referred to HC as
a “juggernaut” as Imries took home eight varsity letters.) In grade school Newby
was the age-group speed-skating blue ribbon champion for three straight years at
the annual Burns Field contest. In the fourth year, rather than have his age
group just go from one end of the rink to the other, they had to go around the
rink for four laps and Newby miscounted the laps, pulling up after the third and
losing his title.

However, he may have reached the pinnacle of his athletic career in fourth grade
when he was one of only two players on the team to play on both sides of the
ball in six-man touch football. As an end and defensive back, he helped his team
win fourth and fifth grade league Hinsdale/Clarendon Hills Junior Chamber of
Commerce football championship. In Boys League baseball, less competitive than
Little League, one year he might have batted a thousand. The manager never let
him swing at the ball as he counted on Newby to walk or bunt. Of course, he
started his career in right field; his athletic career descended from there. 

When he made the seventh-grade basketball team as a fourth-stringer, he was
actually the last man on the team and the last team member to score a point that
came in the last minute of the last game. He maintained his fourth-string
position as an eighth grader, but got into games a bit earlier. Coach Hymes made
Newby’s later varsity success possible. The junior high team was only supposed
to have 15 players and he kept on a couple of more players, which allowed Newby
to be on the team, and he said the lad had potential,

Freshman year the two best players from the junior high team were placed on the
Hinsdale sophomore team. The next-best 15 players were put on the freshman A
team. Newby had the distinction of being one of the 20 players on the freshman B
team, and in the first game he was the last person on the B team to get into the
game. He made some progress during his freshman year (grew taller) and as a
result made the sophomore basketball team as a sophomore. However, there was
only room on the scoreboard for 15 players and Newby was the one player left off
the board, once again designating him as the last man on the team.

Fortunately, the varsity coach asked if Newby wanted to be practice-fodder for
the JV and no longer suit up on Friday nights with the sophomore team, but be
relegated to Saturday mornings when the JV played. Under Coach Dave McGann,
Newby progressed enough his junior year to travel with the varsity team to its
opening game at Proviso East against the eventual state champions led by Jim
Brewer. (Brewer also went on to win MVP in the Big Ten and played as an L.A.
Laker.) In an interesting twist of fate, Newby was a fourth string forward, so
the coach moved him to third string center in case of an emergency. When playing
against Jim Brewer and Proviso East, emergencies happened: Red Devils’ first
string center fouled out, the second string center was embarrassing our coach,
and in disgust McGann grabbed Newby by the jersey and sent him into the game,
saying “even Newby could do better than that.” He actually held his own against
Jim Brewer and became a starting forward in Hinsdale’s next game. By senior year
Newby was Honorable Mention All-Conference and Hinsdale came in second place in
the WSC to La Grange, the eventual state champions.

Newby’s other athletic passion was tennis. In summer tournaments he played
against eventual two-time NCAA champion Billy Martin (Newby lost) and played in
tournaments featuring notables such as Evanston’s Cale Carvel, who beat Jimmy
Connors (in three sets) in the state tournament semifinals. Newby went on to
letter in tennis as well as basketball at HC.  

Hinsdale shaped Newby’s thoughts about neighborhoods, community and architecture

 

Newby lived on both ends of Park Avenue from nursery school until graduation
from HC. In grade school he lived at 18 South Park, which had a profound impact
on how he continues to think about idyllic neighborhoods. He loved the bucolic
atmosphere and nature of the towering Dutch elm trees creating tree-tunneled
streets. He also enjoyed being able to walk to the library, Schweidler’s,
Soukup’s, Schoen’s, Hartley’s Bike Shop, Rapp’s Bakery, and the Hinsdale News
Agency. Where else would a boy want to go? Being able to buy school supplies in
grade school and put them on his family house account at Schweidler’s shaped his
feelings about the sense of intimacy, family, community and the interaction with
shops. Now at Newby’s favorite restaurant, he’s one of just a few with a house
account, established because it reminds him of a much more civilized time he
enjoyed while living in Hinsdale. The Village created an environment Newby talks
about a lot now: nature and vibrancy.

Hinsdale as aesthetic foundation

Newby’s summer paper route allowed him to go every morning to the front door of
every home between Garfield and County Line. He recalls admiring and memorizing
the architectural detail of each house. A later route, closer to Oak School, had
him delivering papers to houses he’d walked or rode his bike by for years.
Triangle Park on Park Avenue and Fourth Street was his early neighborhood
playground. Later, when the family moved to 930 South Park, it was the field
behind the Methodist church on Garfield that connected all the back yards of the
homes on Ninth Street and Park Avenue. Here, the neighbors would spill out and
play softball in the summer or touch football in the fall. Organized sports were
intense and competitive, but these neighborhood recreational sports with players
of different ages were constant fun.

The softball games would continue both in college and after college with the
annual 4th of July softball game with all the neighbors. Hinsdale has one of the
best 4th of July parade-and-celebrations in the country--kids would always walk
or ride bikes in the procession, and then when older would join the rest of the
Hinsdale families lining the streets of the parade. Afterwards, many small
neighborhoods would have back yard gatherings to continue the celebration.
Christmas in Hinsdale extended his affection for the community as Newby returned
for the holidays for 20 years after high school.

The time-honored provincial proclivities of Hinsdale shaped Newby’s thinking
about neighborhoods. When he was in high school in Hinsdale, he found it very
interesting that Hinsdale turned down what would have been the
first-in-the-nation Colonial-style McDonald’s with no arches! It was proposed
for the edge of town on a corner shared with three gasoline stations at the
mouth of the toll road. McDonald’s, at the time, had its world headquarters in
Oak Brook and sponsored Hinsdale’s number-two age group swim club in the
country. They were a good corporate citizen, and many loved McDonald’s
hamburgers, but the village elders said Hinsdale will never have a fast-food
restaurant. Newby’s later Dallas efforts in a neighborhood with many established
horrible uses was much-influenced by the strong stand Hinsdale took about what
many would consider a benign use. When well-liked neighborhood homeowners
proposed to put in a restaurant in a little neighborhood service retail building
across from a pocket park in Newby’s Dallas nabe, he joined a few other
neighbors to object and the request was denied. In the short-term, a nice
restaurant would have enhanced the neighborhood, but it would have created a
precedent for additional commercial uses when we were trying to eliminate all
non-single-family zoning in the area.

At the same time, when Newby was in grade school, Oak Brook was not big enough
for their own post office but had polo fields, Oak Brook Shopping Center (the
nation’s most successful), golf courses, and many other projects bringing
national attention. The contrast of two neighboring suburbs feeding into the
same high school gave Newby a huge insight: cities are like a garden. Some parts
of the garden can have tall trees or robust growth, and other parts of the
garden are more delicate and need more protection. Both styles of community are
good and have advantages. Often, city planners think that every neighborhood,
village or community should be designed or zoned in the same way. Newby
recognized that every neighborhood has its distinct characteristics that should
be cultivated.

The aesthetic of Hinsdale, with brick-paved streets and historic homes, shaped
Newby’s senses and appreciation of architecturally significant homes. The sense
of community and neighborhood shaped his appreciation of neighborhood identity
and cohesion. Walking or riding his bike to school allowed him to savor the
scale, setback, and architectural distinction of each home. At the time Newby
didn’t consciously realize the absorption underway--he was unconsciously
admiring the homes without any awareness of the historic or architectural
significance.

 While Hinsdale was removed from Chicago, the rail line or expressways gave it
quick access so one growing up could feel the enormity of a big thriving city.
When Newby’s father took him to the top of the Prudential building, where they
looked down at the Chicago Board of Trade, he told his son that when he was the
boy’s age his own father took him to the top floor of the Chicago Board of
Trade, which at the time was the tallest building in Chicago.

When Newby first visited Dallas he felt like it was a minor-league city about to
become a major-league city. It was and it has. Now, in the next few years the
metropolitan area of Dallas is projected to become larger than the metropolitan
area of Chicago! The neighborhood in which Newby made his home after graduation
from SMU, was Munger Place. In 1905, Munger Place was developed first as a
streetcar suburb of Dallas much like Hinsdale developed as a rail line suburb of
Chicago. The difference was that Hinsdale remained among the nicest suburbs of
Chicago while Munger Place had deteriorated to become the worst neighborhood in
Dallas. Newby’s inspiration was to capture some of the magic of Hinsdale for
Munger Place. Now both neighborhoods have become historic districts. 

The might of Chicago also gave Newby the vision of a major city. “If you can
make it in Hinsdale, you can make it anywhere,” one might say. Fresh out of
college Newby felt he could confidently exchange ideas about Dallas with its
mayor, owners of large companies, and CEOs. Having attended high school in
Hinsdale, he was raised around CEOs, industry leaders and iconic families from
an early age.  

Newby’s father, William H. Newby, served as the Hinsdale Caucus Chair helping
select the village leadership, as well as serving as the president of Union
Church. He also received the Chicago State University President’s Award, the
Puerto Rican Congressman of the Year and a scholarship named for him at the
Hispanic Institute of Law Enforcement. While downtown Chicago was beyond his
day-to-day life, the younger Newby was made aware of the importance of civic
city involvement along with involvement in the local community. In his father’s
obituary, a Chicago Tribune writer emphasized that the elder Newby is credited
with keeping the Jewel Food Stores open in the city. At the time, the younger
Newby didn’t realize how affected he was by seeing how public sentiment could be
changed by clearly articulating ideas.

Newby’s mother was also a Hinsdale “doer” role-model. As a social worker, she
became head of the Hinsdale Community Service--Newby had no idea until then how
many Hinsdale families were in dire circumstances. She also initiated the
Luminaria fundraising that lit up Hinsdale on Christmas Eve, another symbol of
community. This participation reinforced the idea that people band together for
a good idea or vision. Most profiles or biographies of Newby mention rearing in
Hinsdale since this experience still permeates how he thinks about communities.
In his TEDx Talk, *Homes That Make Us Happy*, Newby used Hinsdale as the lens
for what people are looking for in a home.

Hinsdale shaped Newby’s college career

 

As the boys’ social chairman of the Hinsdale High School Varsity Club, Newby was
co-chair of the Homecoming. This position also put him in charge of the pep
rallies. Speaking into a microphone in front of 2,000 people in the high school
gym, announcing coaches, teams, and Homecoming Queen candidates motivated Newby
to become a freshman cheerleader at SMU, holding freshman pep rallies,
announcing coaches, teams and freshman homecoming queen candidates. He was then
elected as a sophomore to be the head SMU cheerleader--now speaking into a
microphone, leading cheers in front of 20,000 people at the Cotton Bowl. He had
a natural inclination to lead chants of a raucous crowd: his senior year at
Hinsdale High school Newby initiated a dues-paying school-authorized cheering
section of over 100 junior and senior male students called Sons of Satan. This
cheering section survived for many years.

Writing for several sections of the HC newspaper (sports, teacher profiles,
op-ed columns) gave Newby the confidence to occasionally write for the *SMU
Daily Campus* newspaper and to continue writing an occasional op-ed column for
the *Dallas Morning News* after graduation. He recalls that classmates at SMU
would often come to him if they had a question about SMU procedure, organization
or where to go to take care of a matter.

At some point, he realized that his deep understanding of the hierarchy and
inner workings of the academic bureaucracy came from working for the infamous
Helen Raymond in the Hinsdale Central bookstore. He worked for her during the
two weeks before school started and then one hour a day at the bookstore in lieu
of study hall. For four years at Hinsdale High School, Newby was the Planning
and Leadership Home Room Student Representative. At SMU Newby was on
faculty/student department committees, oversaw a sizeable budget at the Student
Activities Directorate, and was one of the twelve in his class to be tapped for
the Knights of Cycen Fjodr, an honorary society and the oldest senior society at
SMU, founded in 1920, recognizing leadership.

After his SMU degree, Newby enrolled in the SMU Master’s of Public
Administration program. This is basically a city manager program in which
classmates became future Dallas city managers (and one classmate a
congresswoman). Adjunct professors were often assistant city managers. The
(precocious?) emphasis of his master’s thesis and position papers was on the
economic advantages of single-family zoning: Economic Incentives to Reverse
Migration in an Inner City Neighborhood. When still a graduate student, the
mayor of Dallas would call in an assistant city manager, sometimes even one of
Newby’s professors, and tell them to assist him and provide the support Newby
needed for his neighborhood rezoning project. Newby has met with every
subsequent mayor, not as a donor, but to exchange ideas on the city. Several of
these mayors, at Newby’s request, would present the Dallas Restoration House of
the Year Award, an award Newby created, and the first award of its type in the
country.

Newby’s Dallas blast-off

The first award Newby received after college came from the Historic Preservation
League for successfully initiating and rezoning one hundred blocks (2,000 lots)
of Old East Dallas from multifamily zoning to single-family zoning. This remains
the largest rezoned area in the history of the city. This single-family rezoned
area became the foundation for the revitalization of Old East Dallas. The
Federal National Mortgage Association selected this sector as its demonstration
area for its first inner-city loans in the country. Simultaneously, Newby
initiated the first single-family historic district in Dallas, the neighborhood
in which he still lives.

The shopworn approach of many preservationists is to stand in front of
bulldozers, trying to prevent a building from being torn down. From the
beginning of his preservation interests, Newby approached it as a property
rights preservationist. Most preservationists take the approach that
preservation is beneficial to everyone even if not to the affected property
owner. Newby’s refreshing tack is to have the affected property owner also
benefit. Realizing he was in a city that at a DNA-level embraced property
rights, he proposed changing the zoning of a multifamily-zoned area made up
primarily of apartments to single-family zoning by not making aesthetic or
preservation arguments, but by making it about economics. He researched and
developed the argument that single-family rezoning would benefit apartment
owners, vacant lot owners, retail owners, schools, renters, banks, businesses,
and homeowners. His case-making won the day and received 80% written support
from property owners including apartment owners.

While others just out of college were playing…or seriously starting their
careers, Newby decided that since the Vietnam war was over, he had two or three
years during which he would have been in the miliary which he could spend on
civic activities. He also saw that most nonprofit boards were made up of
citizens in their 40s or 50s or older. They devoted time to civic activities
after they had been successful in their careers and could then afford to
volunteer time to nonprofit work. Newby decided that while he was in his 20s and
early-30s he could make a greater impact in the nonprofit arena than he would be
able to make at a firm or a corporation.

So he served on the Historic Preservation League board, the Old East Dallas
Design Committee executive board, founded the Munger Place Homeowners
Association, and then in his late 30s and early 40s served on the executive
committee of the Dallas Historical Society, was a founding advisory board member
of Preservation Park Cities, and served on the board of the Greater Dallas
Planning Council and the Dallas Architecture Foundation. He was Everywhere.

Newby also served as president of the almost 100-year-old organization, SMU Town
and Gown. For the Dallas Preservation League he initiated and was a principal
writer of the number-two best-selling nonfiction book in Dallas: *A Guide to the
Older Neighborhoods of Dallas.* For the Dallas Chapter AIA Newby initiated and
chaired the first architectural survey of Dallas for the Chapter’s 50th
Anniversary. He also reproduced the Munger Brothers’ original sales book that
articulated the first planned development in Dallas. Newby wrote several
articles for publications including the historic journal *Legacies,* and *D
Magazine*. Several publications have featured him in articles on architecture
and preservation.

Newby served on the mayor’s Southern Dallas Task Force in 1986 and today serves
as a real estate and zoning consultant for the Southern Dallas City Council
District 3 in their efforts to bring more quality single-family home development
to their district and to stop being the dumping grounds for low-income
tax-credit apartments. For over 45 years Newby has organized, promoted and
helped sponsor dozens of home tours across the city. In addition, he has spoken
to neighborhoods seeking to become a conservation or historic district.

Jumping into Big City real estate on a shoestring

Newby’s real estate business was developed to support and augment his civic
interest in neighborhoods, preservation, architecture and revitalization. With
Virginia and Lee McAlester, who wrote the book *A Field Guide to American
Houses*, Newby initiated a Revolving Fund in Munger Place to purchase 22 options
coming due over two years in the twelve-block Munger Place neighborhood. Once
the organizational structure was set up and the committees filled with
volunteers, there was a realization that there were no realtors working in the
area who had the interest or knowledge on how to secure these options. The
McAlesters suggested Newby was the best candidate to do this and asked him if he
would be willing to obtain a real estate license to do this task. Newby realized
this was the only way the Revolving Fund would be successful, so he agreed to
get the license. Note well: the sales agent commission on a \$10,000 house was
about \$150, less than the commission for selling a Kirby vacuum cleaner at the
time. Newby made more money in his Hinsdale summer job as a janitor in the Jewel
warehouse than he made in a year as a real estate agent selling four-unit
apartments to buyers that would turn them into single-family homes.

Newby recalls speaking to Hinsdale friends who were horrified that he would
specialize in a neighborhood where prices were 100 times lower than Hinsdale’s.
Since then, Newby has sold probably the least expensive home in Dallas and the
most expensive home in Dallas (one that out-priced anything in Hinsdale). At the
Luxury Conclave, a convention made up of the most-successful luxury real estate
agents from across the country, Newby won the Best Property Marketing Award
three times in a row. The last time he was announced as the winner they said
they were giving the award to him as a “Hall of Fame” winner (hmm) … and Newby
could no longer enter the contest! The winner of the award was selected by the
Wall Street Journal and a New York advertising company specializing in real
estate.

 Originally Newby specialized in a deteriorating neighborhood that became a
historic district in which the prices of the homes became one hundred times
higher. His real estate business expanded to the most expensive residential
corridor of Dallas where he still specializes in historic and architecturally
significant homes. Besides registering the trademarks for ‘*architecturally
significant homes*,’ ‘*significant homes*,’ and ‘*architecturally significant*,’
Newby introduced the concept of the term “architecturally significant homes” to
Dallas and across the country. Twenty-five years ago, realtors were generally
only mentioning the builder, not the architect, when they sold a home. Feature
writers for magazines and newspapers never used the te. Now, one sees homes
being described every day as architecturally significant in legacy media, social
media and in the real estate industry.

Newby loves antiquity, but in a thoroughly modern way

Newby’s Facebook business page, *Architecturally Significant Modern Homes
https://www.facebook.com/modernhomes*, was the first architecture or real estate
Facebook business page to have over 500,000 fans. This made it the largest
architecture/real estate Facebook page in the world. His YouTube channel,
*Architecturally Significant Homes
https://www.youtube.com/c/ArchitecturallySignificantHomes*, has 25,000
subscribers and one of his videos has over 11 million views. Newby’s
ArchitecturallySignificant Homes.com website comes up first when anyone in the
world does a search for “architecturally significant homes.”

Only a small percentage of his own website is devoted to the homes he has for
sale https://dougnewby.com/featured-listings/. He’s dedicated most of the site
to education on architecture, neighborhoods, preservation and cities. In the
Neighborhood section he features 173 distinct neighborhoods, providing
photographs and information on an average of 10 homes as an example of each
neighborhood. The website includes almost 20,000 images! It introduces 223
architects who’ve done work in Dallas and provides photos of their work. It also
features 54 architectural styles. The website has over 20,000 unique visitors a
month.

Newby’s TEDx Talk, *Homes That Make Us Happy*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19Q6CFMpgAc, has 2,000 views. His Instagram
account has almost 2,000 followers, and 400 posts with an average of 200 words
of text commenting on Dallas history, architecture and aesthetics. The Douglas
Newby blog <https://douglasnewby.com/> has 114 blog articles averaging 1,500
words apiece, discussing organic urbanism, architecture, Dallas, preservation,
neighborhoods and real estate. These articles are read by 12,000 people a year.

In his spare time, Newby served on the board of directors of the Metrotex
Association of Realtors and chaired the Dallas Association of Realtors Breakfast
Caucus. The latter is a speakers’ forum where, for example, Newby introduced
Governor Bush just before he announced his candidacy for president. 

In conclusion

Douglas Newby is a giant in his field, and credits much of his inspiration and
finesse to Hinsdale Central. If he is selected for this honor, I think it will
give fresh impetus to the peaceful preservation of spectacular historic homes in
his Hometown, as well as providing more “good company” in the Hall for present
and future occupants.

SUPPLEMENTAL LIST OF LINKS TO BE FILED SEPARATELY BECAUSE THOSE MENTIONED IN THE
FORM ARE NOT CLICKABLE

[FACEBOOK: Architecturally Significant Modern
Homes](../../Users/bobda/Downloads/Architecturally%20Significant%20Modern%20Homes)
*https://www.facebook.com/modernhomes,* l,  
YOUTUBE: [Architecturally Significant
Homes](https://www.youtube.com/c/ArchitecturallySignificantHomes),

VIDEO: [12 million views](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQkYis9Q6TY).

WEBSITE:[DougNewby.com](https://dougnewby.com/) HOMES FOR SALE: [homes I have
for sale](https://dougnewby.com/featured-listings/). 

[architecture](https://dougnewby.com/architecture/),
[neighborhoods](https://dougnewby.com/neighborhoods/),
[preservation](https://douglasnewby.com/category/preservation/) and
[cities](https://douglasnewby.com/2020/06/organic-urbanism-is-the-cure-for-new-urbanism/). 
[237
architects](https://dougnewby.com/architecture/architects-dallas-and-regional/
https://dougnewby.com/architecture/architects-dallas-and-regional/) who’ve

[56 architectural
styles](https://dougnewby.com/architecture/architectural-styles/)
https://dougnewby.com/architecture/architectural-styles/.

TEDX TALK: [Homes That Make Us Happy](https://youtu.be/19Q6CFMpgAc)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19Q6CFMpgAc, INSTAGRAM:
<https://www.instagram.com/douglasnewby/>

BLOG: [blog](https://douglasnewby.com/ https://douglasnewby.com/) has [114 blog
articles](https://douglasnewby.com/all-articles/)  
--
